Simplify linux doc (#32638)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/linux.md

> - [Install on macOS](macos.md)
> - [Install on Linux](linux.md)

> This article details how to install .NET on various Linux distributions, manually, via a package manager, or [containers](../docker/introduction.md#net-core-images).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article details how to install .NET on various Linux distributions either manually, via a package manager, or via a [container](../docker/introduction.md#net-core-images).
```

## Manual installation

You can install .NET manually in the following ways:

- [Manual install](linux-scripted-manual.md#manual-install)
- [Scripted install](linux-scripted-manual.md#scripted-install)

You may need to install [.NET dependencies](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/release-notes/7.0/linux-packages.md) if you install .NET manually.

## Packages

> .NET is available in [official package archives](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/linux.md) for various Linux distributions and [packages.microsoft.com](https://packages.microsoft.com/).

Reviewer 2: Dependent on dotnet/core#7971

Author: Merged now.

> - [Alpine](linux-alpine.md)

Reviewer 2: We need instructions added to #32596 for Alpine.

Author: We can add that in a separate PR.

- [CentOS](linux-centos.md)
- [Debian](linux-debian.md)
- [Fedora](linux-fedora.md)
- [openSUSE](linux-opensuse.md)
- [SLES](linux-sles.md)
- [Snap](linux-snap.md)
- [Ubuntu](linux-ubuntu.md)

> .NET is [supported by Microsoft](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/microsoft-support.md) when downloaded from a Microsoft source. Best effort support is offered from Microsoft when downloaded from elsewhere. You can  open issues at [dotnet/core](https://github.com/dotnet/core) if you run into problems.

Reviewer 2: Fix double space
```suggestion
.NET is [supported by Microsoft](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/microsoft-support.md) when downloaded from a Microsoft source. Best effort support is offered from Microsoft when downloaded from elsewhere. You can open issues at [dotnet/core](https://github.com/dotnet/core) if you run into problems.
```
